This app is a simulation of a school system that allows you to create and manage 
different types of school-related entities, such as students, teachers, and schools.

The app defines four main classes: Person, Student, Teacher, and School. The Person 
class is the base class for the other three classes and includes basic information such 
as name and age.

Class of student is a subclass of Person and includes additional information such as 
grade level. The Student class also has a method called enroll() which allows a student 
to enroll in a school.

Class of Teacher is also a subclass of Person and includes additional information 
such as subject taught. The Teacher class has a method called assign_school() which 
allows a teacher to be assigned to a school.

The School class is used to create and manage a school. It has a list of students and 
teachers and methods to add or remove students and teachers. The school class also 
has a method called info() which returns a string describing the school, including a list 
of the students and teachers enrolled/assigned there.

In addition to these classes, the app also includes an example usage of the classes to 
show how they can be used together to create a simulation of a school system. This 
example creates a school, a few students, and a few teachers and then assigns the 
students and teachers to the school and prints out information about the school, 
students and teachers.

The app is built using Python object-oriented programming, which allows for the 
creation of complex and modular code. Each class has its own methods and 
properties, and they interact with each other through inheritance, encapsulation, and 
polymorphism.

Class of Person is the base class for all other classes, and it contains the basic 
information that all other classes will need, such as name and age. 

Class of Student inherits from the Person class and adds additional information such 
as grade level, which is specific to students. Additionally, the student class has an 
enroll() method that allows a student to enroll in a school.

Class of Teacher also inherits from the Person class and adds additional information 
such as subject taught, which is specific to teachers. Additionally, the teacher class 
has an assign_school() method that allows a teacher to be assigned to a school.

Finally, the School class is used to create and manage a school and includes a list of 
students and teachers, and methods to add or remove students and teachers. The 
school class also has an info() method that returns a string describing the school, 
including a list of the students and teachers enrolled/assigned there. This app can be 
further modified to add more functionality as per the requirement of the project.